hello lovely ladies and gents miss
boogie hair back for another review I'm
today's review is going to be on Boulos
I'm fashion extra-extraordinary fashion
jewelry please forgive me if I said that
wrong but anyway I'm I put in my order
for his jewelry on his blog site oh my
god he has some awesome awesome awesome
fashion jewelry and I just could not
wait to get my hands on it so today I'm
going to do a review on that's it oh
yeah headbanger accessory earrings thank
you tasha thank you tiff Thank You
Shayla you got of the friggin best um
yeah these are my newest my newest
beauties to love it red black and green
Gucci colors yep so let's get into this
video so I just got my package in the
mail from extraordinary fashion jewelry
just got it today just got it today
today is the think it's the 13th 14th
july fourteenth 2010 wednesday you just
got this in the mail today and it's
still sealed as you can see so I'm going
to do my own packaging before everybody
so let's get started let's get this
started let's get it started yeah I'm so
excited so pulling out nice little
leopard print baggie oh my gosh oh my
gosh I forgot what I got oh this ring
this ring this ring the three this stuff
is worth the money like I think this
ring might have been 20 bucks and it's a
sigh oldest ring is so solid it's it's
nothing there's nothing flimsy about
this oh my God look at that
look at that that is whoo excited
excited what's next oh yes my earrings
with the matching ring my thing is I try
to get sets that include rings any set
that has a ring so it comes with this
ring that is so oh my god love it with
these earrings oh well with these
earrings oh my God look at that and I'm
of course going to take pictures after
I'm done well it's it's one of course
but you know but
that is gorgeous oh my gosh
only got three things I'm gonna give
more where I just want to ease in there
I guess I cannot wait to wear this stuff
you have no idea and last but not least
let me take this one I'll see you guys
can see this necklace all my tunnel
because I'm doing I'm doing too much
right now okay there we go this necklace
again I'm doing to whatever you get
there it is and these these are solid
that there's it's not flimsy at all look
at that see if I can drop this hammer
down look at that
look at that that is beautiful and of
course it has the matching earrings all
right um I'm probably give them to my
mom cuz well no you know I'm actually
wearing my actually wear them cuz I
don't like to be too too too
matchy-matchy and of course you know I
have to do the ring I have to and he
said I get has to come with a ring look
at that with the with the necklace look
at that oh my gosh who I am so excited
up look at that that and like I said
they're not flimsy this is solid solid
fashion fashion wear solid look at that
I love huge rings like that I'm going
back going back on the side I put this
order in sunday night i ordered it
sunday night got it today and she I
think it shipped yesterday I don't know
but I got a really fast so it wasn't a
long way um like I said again thank you
so much um I can't think of the website
right now but I every the website for
his fashion jewelry will be listed below
this video please forgive me for not
mentioning it right now because I cannot
think of it off the top of my head but
it will be listed in the web the comment
box below or the info bar below the
video again thank you so much I cannot
wait to wear this stuff oh my god I
cannot wait gonna take pictures of
course after the video post them up on
my Facebook page on my myspace page
everything pictures will be posted and
information will be listed of course
hope you guys enjoyed it and don't you
guys forget to go check out that fashion
jewelry from boo boo chulo today all
right peace out